Hello, welcome to Market Sense Tamil. In
this video, today we are going to see a detailed updated review of a product called Elevate from
one of the most popular and
largest journal insurance companies in India,
IC Lombard
.
At the end of the video, we will discuss
what the premiums of this product are like
.  This video is definitely going to be useful for you in
making a buying decision
.  So do
n't skip it and watch it in full.  If
you liked this video, please like it
.
Tell us your thoughts in the comments.  And
don't forget to hype this video.
It would be very useful for us
.  If you are looking to purchase health and life
insurance or need consulting for stock
market investment, please feel free to
contact us and
avail our services.  We will provide 100%
after-purchase service assistance on our
side.  We
have a good team.  Those who already
purchase from us
know this well.  And this is your first
time visiting my channel.  I will post useful content related to the
stock market, personal
finance, and insurance on your channel
.  Subscribe to my channel and
click the bell icon.  So that
you will receive a notification when I upload a video.  Let's
go into the video now.  First,
let's see what kind of performance this company has.  First
come, first served claim settlement ratio.
They have come and
recorded a claim settlement ratio of 84.4%
.  Last year's average.
This is definitely a value that is below the industry average, so I'll definitely try to improve it
.  The Rendavatha Incurred Claim
Ratio has come down to 82.2% and 2% respectively
.  We have to say that this is a good incorruptible
claim ratio
.
As for Diab Hospitals, they are still operating in their 10,200-plus
hospitals.  What we
always say is that when it comes to hospitals,
you should check to see if the hospitals in your town or city that have the highest probability of admitting you are on a cash loan with the insurance company you are applying for.
I keep repeating that over and over again
.
Complaints about these people have come for the fourth time.
In terms of complaints,
they have received 10,000 claims and
11 complaints have been registered.   There
is a large general insurance company with a health insurance product and it is also a very popular
company. They come and they have 11
complaints and 10,000 claims.
I see a good complaint volume.  So this is the
overall performance of this company
.  Regarding the entry age for the policy, if you have
completed 18 years of age, you can enter as an adult
.
You can enter into a policy up to the maximum age of 125 years
.  Subject to
underwriting team.
As for Sum Insured, you can take this policy with a minimum of 5 lakhs and a maximum of
unlimited cover
.
As for the tenure option, the general will come and
give you three years.  With this particular
policy,
you can continue to pay a single premium for up to 5 years.
As for the family floater option, they allow two adults and three
kids to be on an individual
policy
.
You can bring a child under this policy, and a
child born between 0 and 91 days of age
can be brought under this policy.  After that,
your cover will start after 91 days
.  So, if
you have a dependent child,
you bring a policy and they make
a child
entry in the policy for the dependent child. Then they
give you the option to continue the policy as a child until the child reaches the age of 30.
Let's see what the talking covers in Poland are like.
You will also receive up to some insurance
cover for inflation treatment.  But there
is a restriction here.
As far as room rent is concerned,
the maximum you can get is a private AC room, according to the
base policy.
I see this as a definite draw.  But
there is a rider to overcome this,
Room Mate is one such rider.
You can upgrade or
downgrade your room from there
.  But I won't
tell you to enable the upgrade option.  Because there should never be
any
limits when it comes to rooms.  Because if
you take this example, you will
be given a single AC private room.
In case of an emergency situation, you
request a suite room on top of this one,
and if you arrive at that time,
all your bills will be
charged proportionately.  So
to avoid situations like that,
you should never have a limit on room rents.  So,
of course, when that roommate raider gets sued,
you can come and overcome this disadvantage.
As for toner expenses, they
come and
cover you for a short time.  The day care
provider comes and covers everything for a short time
.  Free and post-
hospitalization coverage is available for 90 and 180
days, and post-hospitalization coverage is available for 90 days and 180 days, and post-hospitalization
coverage is available for up to 180 days, and
you are covered by some insurance
.
You are also
covered by up to some insurance for domestic road ambulances.  Oils
treatment
is covered by some insurance.  Then, the reset
benefit will come and
your sum insured will be reimbursed for an unlimited period of time
.
For example, if you come and
take a cover of 10 lakh rupees,
get hospitalized, spend 3 lakh
rupees, or else you have completely
emptied that sum insured,
then as soon as you are discharged,
your base sum insured will go back to that 10
lakh rupees.  So this is what they
come up with and say is the reset benefit
.  So, it comes and this particular
policy comes with the base policy and gives you
unlimited times.  That means they will
come back and refill it for you no matter how many times you want it in a year
.  You can use that refill for the same illness
or a
different illness with the same insurance
.  So this is the reset
benefit.  Loyalty bonus.  So this is a
no-claim bonus.
For this policy, they will give you a
20%
no-claim bonus every year, whether you claim or not
.  The maximum limit is up to 100%,
so if you
have 10 lakh votes,
the maximum limit is up to 20 lakhs, but it won't
go beyond that.
In the case of Sarakashi and Ossetia, they offer a maximum of 5 lakhs for infusion
treatment, whether it is for a Sarakate mother or a
donor
.  If
you have a dental surgery,
you will be covered by your insurance.
They offer a wellness program in the base
policy, so this wellness program will give
you up to 30% off your
premium when you renew. It will be used to cover your premium
.  So, please
provide an application for this.  So there will
be certain targets coming from there.
That's the kind of thing that comes daily and makes you eat so many calories
.  So, if you follow it regularly and achieve it,
then
this wellness program will
be a very useful thing for you.
And
as far as technological advancements and treatments are concerned,
there is a set list of 12 procedures.  I'll give it to you on the screen
.  Now all this has come and gone and
you'll be completely in shock
.  This base policy is
available to you.  Now let's discuss the add-ons
.  So they come here and
provide worldwide coverage.  So, you can take this cover if an
individual comes and you
travel to another country
.
You can use this cover up to a maximum of 3 crores if you are cashless
.  This comes with a
waiting period of two years
.  So, to use this worldwide coverage
.  But during that waiting
period, they come and give you options even if you come and reduce it by one year
.  So, those who need it can
take it.  They say it's an NRI advantage and
give you this option.  If you
are an NRI and
submit the required documents,
you have the opportunity to get discounts of up to 25% on the base
premium
.  So that's a
good, positive thing for me.  And
Infinite Care is a rider that
comes with this particular policy as a
future for a unit.  How does this
work?
They give you unlimited cover for the life of the policy. For
example, you come and make
a single claim for up to 2 crores. Then, when
such big claims come,
this particular infinite care comes into
use.  Those who need it
can take it.  And
in terms of hospitalization,
this particular policy will
start covering you from as early as 2 hours.
But when this happens, you
go to a hospital as normal.  They are giving you a
diagnostic diagnosis.
They are taking one scan at a time.  If
they don't come and detect any disease when it arrives,
then that kind of coverage won't work.  You
arrive 2 hours later and get into a small
accident and
are hospitalized.  If you are undergoing
procedures and
need to be hospitalized for hours, this
particular policy will cover you
.  It's a positive
thing that has come.  And I see
another positive thing coming from a rider like Jam Start
.  So, if you have
asthma, diabetes, hypertension, high
cholesterol, obesity, coronary artery
disease, and you are normal,
then they will
impose a three-year waiting period.
This is a rider for when it arrives and you make a 31-day deposit.  So, if
anyone needs this, they can definitely
use it.  And when the ambulance
arrives, the domestic air ambulance cover
arrives, and they come and give an extra rider
.  This particular policy covers
only road ambulance services that you get in your basic policy
.  So
this air ambulance
came to overcome that, and the base policy doesn't have it.  So, those who
need it
can take this particular one.  Power Booster Rider: If
you subscribe to this rider,
you will have a bonus. The loyalty
bonus will already be there, with a maximum of 100%,
increasing by 20% every year
.  So, when you subscribe to this rider,
you will get a 100%
bonus every year.  Regardless of whether
you claim or not, there
is no maximum limit for it.  Infinite Years will come and
you will have 100% success every year
.  So this is a very
useful feature.  Those who need it
can take it.  Claim Protector
Consumers will
not cover you in the base policy.  So it came and it was a
sardine.  So when
you get that addon, you get
gloves, cotton, syringes, masks, and a
PP kit like this, all of these are
things that you can use once and not reuse.  So all this will come to
you and become a claim.  This generally ranges from
5 to 15% depending on the admission
time.   If
you come and have some surgery,
this claim protection will
be very useful.  But in
normal admissions, this reuse would
be a bit lacking.
So, this bill comes with this
percentage of the bill, which is a little different
.  But definitely, it would be
very useful for you as a consumer to take it
.
As for Metti, they come and give you 10% of the sum insured for
annual
accumulation.
For example, if you come and have a 5 lakh cover,
that is 10%, which is
50,000, so when you do your first renewal,
you will
get 50,000.
Another 50,000 will be added when you renew for the second time.  This is what came and
this accumulation, this accumulation itself,
was given a maximum limit.  This
maximum limit is 1 lakh, so if it
goes above 1 lakh, this medical cover will
not be available.  There is a waiting period for this
.  You will have to wait 2 years for
maternity leave.
But
there is a rider to waive the one-year waiting period.  So, if
you have an emergency and
you want to be covered for one year,
then you can subscribe to this rider and use it
.  They
come and give newborn baby covers.
So, this newborn baby cover
comes in handy, and
no insurance policy will cover you for the first 90 days after the baby is born
.  But they will come back 90 days after that and
ask you to adopt the child.  The butt
cover will always
start for you after 91 days.   When
you add a child as a dependent child on a floater policy.  So
they come and give you a rider to fill that cap, that 90-day cap
.  So, if you have taken out this rider in advance, if
an
incident happens to you after the baby is born, or if the
baby has any issues,
then this cover will come and
protect it.  So, those
who need it can come and take it.
Even for vaccinations, they
come to you and give you a maximum of 1% off the sum insured
.  And for the limit, it is
10,000.  So this comes with a full
vaccination package for your newborn baby's first year
.  Durable
Medical Equipment Cover.  This comes in
general, and if I give you an example,
one of our individuals
comes and gets hospitalized in an accident
.  When you're hospitalized and then released,
they come and
give you a walker to help you walk, but
it turns out to be a durable medical
equipment.  They were
admitted to the hospital for a breathing issue or asthma
.  When they are discharged, they
come and give them
equipment for breathing exercises
.  So it came as a durable
medical equipment.  So all of this comes up on
this list.  So this will come to
you and cover you before this rider sues you
.  The maximum is 5 lakhs and
they give it to you every year.  So here's a list of what comes in this
durable medical equipment
.  So I'll give you that list on the
screen.  Those who need it, please
pass and watch.
This policy comes with a health checkup and is available to you
.  So, they come and give you a health checkup, deducting 0.5% of your annual sum
.  The maximum limit is
5000. So, come here and get your monthly checks and
you can take them out annually.  But
even then, this test will differ slightly depending on what sub-minister you
choose
.   So
I'll give you the details on the
screen.   Those
who need to pass will be able to
take some tests, so check them out
.
As for waiting periods, the initial waiting
period is 30 days.  This is a general rule for all
products.  So, during this period,
you will
only be covered for accidents.  Pre-existing
disease.  If you already have a
disease, it will last you 36
months.  That means
you have a waiting period of 3 years.
Specific diseases, if they come and
tell you it's a slow-growing disease, appendicitis, kidney stones, varicose
veins, these kinds of slowly developing diseases, they
come and tell you this specific illness, but if they
come to this, they generally
put a waiting period of years, so that's what this product is for
.  But if you come here and need a rider for one year, you
can take it.
Bariatric surgery, if you're having
any surgery to lose weight,
you'll have a two-year waiting period
.  As for the waiting period for Metti,
you have a two-year
waiting period.  But
there is a rider to make it a one-year discount.
Those who need it can take it.  And
as for worldwide coverage, we
have seen that
they offer worldwide coverage of up to 3 crores in
cash.  So, you
can use it for emergencies or
you
can use it for admissions.  So they come and
give you a two-year waiting period.  So, this is it
until the waiting period comes.   Let's
come and see what the premiums are like with some examples
.  First example, let
's take a 10-lakh cover for a 3-year-old family breadwinner, a 32-year-old wife, and a 29-year-old hitter.  So,
in terms of the advance that has been added here, we have added all these things like consular
tour, hospitalization room modification,
annual health checkup
.
The premium for these is 19.28
.  The second example comes in the form of a
63-year-old husband and a 58-year-old
wife. This is a Potter policy for an
elderly couple.  So we, the Sam
Riders, have made this our own.  So
the premium for these comes to 48.91.
I have taken the third example specifically for a maternity leave.  So
the husband came and said, "32 years old, 29
years old."  So, if they come to these people, the
premium they get is 56,436
.  So, I've come here and
given you a premium breakup.
The battery cover comes in at 24,400.   The
newborn cover will cost you 18,300.
Add-on cover for vaccination.  We have added
2816 claim protector to it
.  We have added 500
more hospitalizations for consumers.   We
came to that and added a rider to the 522 room rent modifier
.  That adds up to
456.  So here comes the premium
breakups.  So, I hope
you
have got a fairly clear idea of ​​the premium with these examples
.  I hope you found this product review
useful
.  If you are Yusufullah, please
like this video
.  Tell us your thoughts in the comments
.  If any of your friends and family are
researching health insurance,
share this video with them
.  So that they have the
opportunity to be useful.